Update history and change list (#59)
cisco/mindmeld: source/versions/history.rst

Package History
===============

4.2.0 (2019-09-01)
------------------

Major Features and Improvements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- MindMeld UI is a sample web-based chat client interface to interact with any MindMeld application

> - A built-in Question-Answering (QA) component for un-structured data using Elasticsearch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A built-in Question-Answering (QA) component for unstructured data using Elasticsearch
```
